In support of change to GitHub Discussion (#84)
openthread/ot-docs: README.md

# Need help?

> OpenThread support is available here on Github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenThread support is available here on GitHub:
```

- Bugs and feature requests — [submit to the Issue Tracker](https://github.com/openthread/ot-docs/issues)

> - Community discussion - [post questions, discuss, and view announcements](https://github.com/openthread/openthread/discussions)

Reviewer: How about something like:
```suggestion
- Community discussion - [ask questions, share ideas, and engage with other community members](https://github.com/openthread/openthread/discussions)
```
